Yeah I'll pick you up
Did you use my bathtub every day?
You will be my wife soon
What are you laughing at?
Okay, miss, why did Mr. Zhao break in?
You two
Today is the day Shushan Sword was born
Tang Zichen, I'm here to propose marriage
I'm already married.
Mr. Zhao, please reply.
It's impossible for you to shoot out of the wild
Who can pull out the Shushan sword?
Who is your dream husband?
My natural sword bone was born for the Shushan sword
You are the one, you just want to seize the Shushan Sword
Let Qizong Common Sword Ancestor be delusional
Pangu Mountain I tell you
Being able to marry me is a blessing you have cultivated in your previous life
I don't know how to lift
I dare to be more presumptuous
What are you?
I also want to face me